Problem solving
    Problem solving consists of using generic or ad hoc methods in an orderly manner to find solutions to problems. 
    Some of the problem-solving techniques developed and used in philosophy, artificial intelligence, computer science, engineering, mathematics, medicine and societies in general are related to mental problem-solving techniques studied in psychology and cognitive sciences.

Problem solving follows step by step approach to solve any problem. 
    1. Define the problem
    2. Analyze the problem
    3. Generate possible solutions
    4. Select the best solution
    5. Implement the solution
    6. Monitor the solution

Problem-solving strategies
    Problem-solving strategies are the steps that one would use to find the problems that are in the way to getting to one's own goal. 
    Some of the strategies that are used are trial and error, algorithms, heuristics, and insight.
    
Algorithms 
    An algorithm is a step-by-step procedure for calculations. 
    Algorithms are used for calculation, data processing, and automated reasoning.

Pseudocode
    Pseudocode is an informal high-level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm. 
    It uses the structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading. 
    Pseudocode typically omits details that are essential for machine understanding of the algorithm, such as variable declarations, system-specific code and some subroutines. 
    The programming language is augmented with natural language description details, where convenient, or with compact mathematical notation. 
    The purpose of using pseudocode is that it is easier for people to understand than conventional programming language code, and that it is an efficient and environment-independent description of the key principles of an algorithm.

Flowchart
    A flowchart is a type of diagram that represents a workflow or process. 
    A flowchart can also be defined as a diagrammatic representation of an algorithm, a step-by-step approach to solving a task. 
    The flowchart shows the steps as boxes of various kinds, and their order by connecting the boxes with arrows. 
    This diagrammatic representation illustrates a solution model to a given problem. 
    Flowcharts are used in analyzing, designing, documenting or managing a process or program in various fields.




